WHAT IS OS?
--> OS is like a manager within the computer system that manages both the hardware and the software. It acts as an intermediary between the users and the complete hardware.It is responsible for 
process management, resource management and memory and processor management  and file management and device management.
It is also responsible for scheduling the processes by using various algorithms. It performs error detection and security.
WHAT IS IPC?
--> IPC stands for Inter Process Communication are mechanisms that helps various processes to manage the shared data. I allows different processes to communicate with each other and collaboratively 
perform tasks while sharing common memory and resources.
                    Pipes
                    Message Queuing
                    Semaphores
                    Socket
                    Shared Memory
                    Signals
WHAT IS THE MAIN PURPOSE OF OS?
-->The main purpose of OS is to ensure a smooth functioning of the system by managing the hardware and software components of the system , memory ,processor management ,scheduling processes,etc.
WHAT IS RAID?
-->RAID stands for Redundant Array of Independent Disks. It is a technique used for creating backups of data by storing data iun multiple hard disks . Its main aim is to ensure data is redundant to 
prevent the loss of data. There are seven levels of RAID from level 0 to 6
WHAT IS GUI?
It stands for Graphical User Interface that allows users to interact with the system using graphics.
WHAT IS BOOTSTRAP PROGRAM IN OS?
-->It is the first code that runs when the computer system  starts. It is the program that initializes the OS.It is fully stored in boot blocks at a fixed location on the disk.It is prsent in the ROM.
WHAT IS KERNEL?
-->kernel is the core of the operating system that controls and manages the whole system. As the CPU is to the hardwares analogously the kernel is to the software.
WHAT IS BOOTING?
 Six steps of the booting process are BIOS and Setup Program, The Power- On-Self-Test (POST), The Operating system Loads, System Configuration, System Utility Loads and Users Authentication.
WHAT IS DEMAND PAGING?

